But a confidant
Friend is full of nonsense
What is the relationship between bosom friends and the word Fu?
Humph
Did Grandpa Consort admit it generously if he couldn't guess it?
No one will laugh at you, right?
Yes, yes.
Then admit it
Please also ask Mr. Qin to explain in detail
As far as I know
The girl of knowledge has her own parents
Lonely
Since the end of the Red Dust Pavilion
Daily piano, chess, calligraphy and painting
But it has endured loneliness that ordinary people cannot bear
With loneliness
As the number one oiran in the imperial capital
It looks great.
But I can't help it
Often face dignitaries
You have to play
A miserable and lonely life
Just like the duckweed in the water
Wandering unintentionally
Although the fourth girl is in the place of fireworks
But keep yourself like a jade
Such loneliness
Who can understand
This puzzle is a blessing
Precisely describes himself
The answer given by Mr. Qin won my heart
Please go upstairs